README.md, before:

# CoinKraal
### keep those cryptos in check

gcloud
---

gcloud app deploy -v beta-01 --promote --stop-previous-version

Links:
https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/editor?project=coinkraal
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/app/deploy
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/nodejs/configuring-your-app-with-app-yaml


TODO
---
- NANO and IOTA issues CC vs CMC
    - IOTA Price not loading?
- Dont auto update price


- Volumn on summary chart
- Notification on Portfolio chart to say 'TAU data only available from x date'


- why do we need to root api?
- why do we keep getting a 401?
- component cleanup 
    - imports that are unused
    - inject
    - @withrouter
    - @observer
- have sell and buy dots on the chart

- nodejs warnings
    npm WARN deprecated babel-preset-es2015@6.24.1: ߙ젠Thanks for using Babel: we recommend using babel-preset-env now: please read babeljs.io/env to update! 

Ideas
---
- setting show random Carlos Matos quotes
- TCs no Carlos
- Ranking
    1. Bitcoin 2009
    2. Moon
    3. Lambo
    4. Good HODL
    5. 
    6. B-Cash
    7. Heavy Bags
    8. Ian Shillina - All Star
    9. Total Sh*tcoin
    10. Biitconeeeeeeect! v2.0

Windows
---
C:\Windows\System32>taskkill /F /IM node.exe
SUCCESS: The process "node.exe" with PID 11008 has been terminated.


Db Design
---
### transaction

|col name           |required   |
|-------------------|-----------|
|_id 	            |yes        |
|userId			    |yes        |
|type(buy/sell)     |yes        |
|in_currency   	    |no         |
|in_amount		    |no         |
|in_unitPriceUSD	|no         |
|out_currency   	|no         |
|out_amount		    |no         |
|out_unitPriceUSD	|no         |
|date			    |no         |
|exchange		    |no         |
|notes		        |no         |
	

test
test1

Commit message:

- NANO and IOTA issues CC vs CMC     - IOTA Price not loading?         MIOTA -> IOTA         NANO -> XRB

README.md, after:

# CoinKraal
### keep those cryptos in check

gcloud
---

gcloud app deploy -v beta-01 --promote --stop-previous-version

Links:
https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/editor?project=coinkraal
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/app/deploy
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/nodejs/configuring-your-app-with-app-yaml


TODO
---
- NANO and IOTA issues CC vs CMC
    - IOTA Price not loading?
        MIOTA -> IOTA
        NANO -> XRB
- logo caching
- Chart tooltip styling    
- Dont auto update price
- BTC summary dates???
- Fix portfolio page and pie chart
- Total or unit price on edit transactions
- Notes in transactions
- Notification on Portfolio chart to say 'TAU data only available from x date'
- Requery for coin summary chart is hours if low data
- Volume on summary chart



- why do we need to root api?
- why do we keep getting a 401?
- component cleanup 
    - imports that are unused
    - inject
    - @withrouter
    - @observer
- have sell and buy dots on the chart

- nodejs warnings
    npm WARN deprecated babel-preset-es2015@6.24.1: ߙ젠Thanks for using Babel: we recommend using babel-preset-env now: please read babeljs.io/env to update! 

Ideas
---
- setting show random Carlos Matos quotes
- TCs no Carlos
- Ranking
    1. Bitcoin 2009
    2. Moon
    3. Lambo
    4. Good HODL
    5. 
    6. B-Cash
    7. Heavy Bags
    8. Ian Shillina - All Star
    9. Total Sh*tcoin
    10. Biitconeeeeeeect! v2.0

Windows
---
C:\Windows\System32>taskkill /F /IM node.exe
SUCCESS: The process "node.exe" with PID 11008 has been terminated.


Db Design
---
### transaction

|col name           |required   |
|-------------------|-----------|
|_id 	            |yes        |
|userId			    |yes        |
|type(buy/sell)     |yes        |
|in_currency   	    |no         |
|in_amount		    |no         |
|in_unitPriceUSD	|no         |
|out_currency   	|no         |
|out_amount		    |no         |
|out_unitPriceUSD	|no         |
|date			    |no         |
|exchange		    |no         |
|notes		        |no         |
	

test
test1
